These are source scripts to analyze cache partitions based on 
MPKI or IPCs for the project "Refining the Utility Metric for 
Utility-Based Cache Partitioning".

Introductions to scripts:

	a). Scripts to analyze the differences in terms of weighted speedup,
		IPC sum and MPKI sum between cache partitions optimized for MPKI
		and weighted speedup based on accurate CPIs.
 
			analyze-mpki-wt-spdup.pl
			analyze-mpki-wt-spdup3.pl
			analyze-mpki-wt-spdup4.pl

	b). Scripts to analyze the differences in terms of weighted speedup,
		IPC sum and MPKI sum between cache partitions optimized for MPKI
		and IPC sum based on accurate CPIs.

			analyze-mpki-ipc-sum.pl
			analyze-mpki-ipc-sum3.pl
			analyze-mpki-ipc-sum4.pl

	
	c). Scripts to analyze the differences in terms of weighted speedup,
		IPC sum and MPKI sum between cache partitions optimized for MPKI
		and weighted speedup based on fixed way CPI predictions.

			analyze-mpki-predicted-cpi-fixed-way.pl
			analyze-mpki-predicted-cpi3-fixed-way.pl
			analyze-mpki-predicted-cpi4-fixed-way.pl

	
	d). Scripts to analyze the differences in terms of weighted speedup,
		IPC sum and MPKI sum between cache partitions optimized for MPKI
		and IPC sum based on fixed way CPI predictions.

			analyze-mpki-predicted-cpi-fixed-way-ipc-sum.pl
			analyze-mpki-predicted-cpi3-fixed-way-ipc-sum.pl
			analyze-mpki-predicted-cpi4-fixed-way-ipc-sum.pl

	e). Scripts to analyze the differences in terms of weighted speedup,
		IPC sum and MPKI sum between cache partitions optimized for MPKI
		and weighted speedup based on optimal CPI predictions.

			analyze-mpki-predicted-cpi-wt-spdup.pl
			analyze-mpki-predicted-cpi-wt-spdup3.pl
			analyze-mpki-predicted-cpi-wt-spdup4.pl

	f). Scripts to analyze the differences in terms of weighted speedup,
		IPC sum and MPKI sum between cache partitions optimized for 
		weighted speedup based on either optimal CPI predictions or accurate
		CPIs.

			analyze-cpi-predicted-cpi-wt-spdup.pl
			analyze-cpi-predicted-cpi-wt-spdup3.pl
			analyze-cpi-predicted-cpi-wt-spdup4.pl


	g). Scripts to analyze the differences in terms of weighted speedup,
		IPC sum and MPKI sum between cache partitions optimized for 
		weighted speedup based on either fixed way CPI predictions or accurate
		CPIs.

			analyze-cpi-predicted-cpi-fixed-way.pl
			analyze-cpi-predicted-cpi3-fixed-way.pl
			analyze-cpi-predicted-cpi4-fixed-way.pl

	h). Others.
		Common.pm: 	a perl module implementing common functions needed for
				   	other scripts.
		generate_predicted_cpi.pl: 
					the script used to generate all possible predicted CPIs.
		analyze-predicted-cpi-err-min.pl:
					get optimal CPI predictions for each benchmark 
					individually and the corresponding c1.
		analyze-predicted-cpi-err-fixed-way.pl:
					analyze the CPI prediction error for fixed way CPI 
					predictions.
Other directories:
		data: 	includes accurate MPKI and CPI data, gotten from
				CMP$im simulation.

		predicted_cpi: contains predicted CPIs for each workload.

Bug reports for these scripts are welcome.

Xing Lin
xinglin@cs.utah.edu 
5-16-2011
